- [Instructor] The few last steps that we have to do is
we have to make sure that
the action mapping on register.jsp form
is mapped correctly with a registration controller.
So let's go to IDE.
Pick that URL pattern.
Go to register.jsp
and make sure that we have embedded that
in the action attribute, registeruser.
And what's the next step?
Next is to add the UserRepository class.
So the way we added a database interaction class
for the products, we're going to add one more for user.
So under the repository package,
I'm going to say New, Java class, UserRepository.
Make sure that you annotate that with @Repository,
and let this be an interface
which extends CrudRepository.
The object that we are trying to deal with
is the User object and the primary key is an Integer.
So as I've said before that the CrudRepository on line eight
that we have extended is going to provide us
with all the basic Crud methods,
so you really don't need to do any implementation.
Just a recap, in the last use case that we implemented,
we had implemented a custom query.
That's why we had to write a method.
Now we don't need that here.
The insert or the save method
is already a part of CrudRepository,
available at your disposal.
Then we have to modify the RegistrationController
to autowire UserRepository and invoke the insert method.
So let's go to the RegistrationController
and inside that we're going to autowire it
the way we did it for the search use case.
Say private UserRepository.
Right, and let's come inside
the registerUser method on line 18,
and call the userRepository.save.
So you see those methods are already available to you
as a part of the implementation of Spring Data and JPA.
And you just have to make sure
that you pass your user argument,
and you will be done.
Just so that we are clear,
this is an entity user,
and there is a corresponding table user in the database.
That's the one.
All these fields are mapped
to the respective columns here in the table.
So whatever we have defined here,
all of them are present there.
And, of course, on line 10
we are annotating the id attribute
with the id annotation so it is identified as a primary key.
So once we invoke the insert method,
we are supposed to build and run the application,
but there are quite a few changes that we need to make.
Very minor changes, so let's make sure that line 19 is cut,
and is the first statement inside the method.
That's one. Also, let's attach a Model attribute here
as a method parameter.
And why do we need that?
We need that because we want to save a message to the UI,
which is confirming that data was saved.
And that message is, "User was registered successfully."
There we go.
So this is an information message for the login page
saying that the user got registered successfully
once the RegistrationController finished its job.
And that's what we're trying to do here.
Once we do that, we just have to go back to the login page.
So let's come back to login,
and just about the section of the login form,
on line 32, I'm going to access
that dataSaved attribute that I added to Model.
So let's attach a class here.
This is a CSS class which is available in your style.css.
And let's access that attribute
using the Spring Expression Language,
and close the span tag.
So if it finds a value
in the dataSaved in the Model attribute,
it is going to display that message to us
saying that the user got registered successfully.
So we have the registration form ready.
We have the login link ready.
Everything is fine.
Let's just try running this,
and then we will test out the application.
Okay, so it is started well.
Let's go and open the URL.
So now we're first going to go to login, right?
So we have reached the login page.
And that's the link to register a new user.
So I'm just going to click there.
Okay, so I think I have made a mistake.
It tells me that WEB-INF/jsp/register.jsp,
there's a problem at line number so, so, so,
and it says that form:radiobutton must be empty,
but it is not.
Okay, now that we've got this error page,
let me just quickly tell you
this is the default Whitelabel Error Page
that Spring Boot actually publishes for you.
And this is something that we're going
to override in the successive parts of this course,
so it's good that this exception has come up
because we got to see the Whitelabel Error Page.
So now we're going to fix that error.
Let's go to the IDE.
Go to register.jsp, and let's see
where the form:radiobutton is empty.
Yes, that's right.
So we need to close this tag appropriately,
otherwise it is going to complain.
Okay, let's stop, and let's run the build again.
Okay, so let's go from the beginning.
I'm just going to access home first, again,
so that we have seen the flow consistently.
Let's go to login, and then let's go to register user,
and there we go.
Now we have our registration form ready out there.
So I'm just going to go ahead and enter some values.
Let's say, johndoe.
Definitely play a sport.
You can put in any,
and then say, Submit.
And you see that the user was registered successfully.
So if you go back to your database,
and run your user SELECT query,
you should be able to see the new field
that has now got added as a part.
The first two users was something that was already added
using the database script,
so that's the new record that got inserted
using our h+ application.
So that's what we have done.
We have used @Model attribute annotation
everywhere for this use case,
and it's one of the most crucial annotations
that we have in Spring MVC
which allows you to do data binding,
and it is so easy to work with your pages
for any kind of assistance in your application.